KEP 1327: Apply feedback for third party and dual sourced content (#19486)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/contribute/style/content-guide.md

### Third party content

Kubernetes documentation includes applied examples of projects in the Kubernetes project&emdash;projects that live in the [kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes) and
[kubernetes-sigs](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs) GitHub organizations. 

Links to active content in the Kubernetes project are always allowed. 

Kubernetes requires some third party content to function. Examples include Docker, 
[networking policy](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/) (CNI plugins), [Ingress controllers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/), and [logging](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/logging/).

Docs can link to third-party content outside the Kubernetes project if it's necessary for Kubernetes to function in-project.

### Dual sourced content

Wherever possible, Kubernetes docs link to canonical sources instead of hosting
dual-sourced content.

Dual-sourced content requires double the effort (or more!) to maintain
and grows stale more quickly.

{{< note >}}

If you're a maintainer for a Kubernetes project and need help hosting your own docs, 

> ask for help in [SIG Docs Slack](https://app.slack.com/client/T09NY5SBT/C1J0BPD2M). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ask for help in ['#sig-docs on Kubernetes Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/C1J0BPD2M/).
```
Maybe bring forward the link to http://slack.k8s.io/ as well?

Author: @sftim 
> if you like, I can propose more changes to this PR as commits you can cherry pick?

Suggestions work!

> does it make sense to open a new branch and merge that in to master once it's ready?

I'm not sure I follow. Can you restate?

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we want to land a lot of KEP-1327 changes at once. If that's the outcome we intend, I think the work would look like:
1. create branch
2. create several PRs that target that branch, each implementing a piece of KEP 1327
3. merge branch to _master_

I think it makes sense to implement, if you like, a minimum viable excision, and follow that up with more PRs to make the website match the revised content guide. Is that “minimum viable excision” what you'd intended this PR to become?

Reviewer: Also, GitHub suggestions are limited in what they let you do and are vulnerable to pink unicorn syndrome (GitHub server-side failure).

Author: @sftim +1 to the umbrella branch approach. The branch will need to run long, essentially the duration of 1.19 in order to give content owners time to revise or re-home their content. We'll have to maintain it like a release branch (i.e., merge master in periodically). 

> I think it makes sense to implement, if you like, a minimum viable excision, and follow that up with more PRs to make the website match the revised content guide. Is that “minimum viable excision” what you'd intended this PR to become?

I think an MVE is a good idea, though it's likely to be quite minimal indeed.

---

{{% capture overview %}}

This page contains guidelines for Kubernetes documentation.

If you have questions about what's allowed, join the #sig-docs channel in 
[Kubernetes Slack](http://slack.k8s.io/) and ask! 

You can register for Kubernetes Slack at http://slack.k8s.io/. 

For information on creating new content for the Kubernetes
docs, follow the [style guide](/docs/contribute/style/style-guide).

{{% /capture %}}

{{% capture body %}}

> ## Overview

Reviewer: @zacharysarah I think this could move to the overview section (that starts on line 12). I don't feel strongly about this, so if you prefer things as they are then no worries.

### Third party content

Kubernetes documentation includes applied examples of projects in the Kubernetes project&emdash;projects that live in the [kubernetes](https://github.com/kubernetes) and
[kubernetes-sigs](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs) GitHub organizations. 

Links to active content in the Kubernetes project are always allowed. 

Kubernetes requires some third party content to function. Examples include Docker, 
[networking policy](/docs/concepts/extend-kubernetes/compute-storage-net/network-plugins/) (CNI plugins), [Ingress controllers](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress-controllers/), and [logging](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/cluster-administration/logging/).

Docs can link to third-party content outside the Kubernetes project if it's necessary for Kubernetes to function in-project.

### Dual sourced content

Wherever possible, Kubernetes docs link to canonical sources instead of hosting
dual-sourced content.

Dual-sourced content requires double the effort (or more!) to maintain
and grows stale more quickly.

{{< note >}}

If you're a maintainer for a Kubernetes project and need help hosting your own docs, 

> ask for help in ['#sig-docs on Kubernetes Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/C1J0BPD2M/).

Reviewer: D'oh!
```suggestion
ask for help in [#sig-docs on Kubernetes Slack](https://kubernetes.slack.com/messages/C1J0BPD2M/).
```
